AS WE GO TO OUR NEXT SHOW,
ODDCASTS, ODDCASTS.
THE PODCAST SERIAL MADE HISTORY
BY WINNING THE PEABODY AWARD
FOR PUBLIC SERVICE, EVEN THOUGH
THEY DIDN'T SOLVE ANYTHING.
IT'S THE FIRST PRESTIGIOUS AWARD
WON IN A MEDIA USUALLY RESERVED
FOR WHITE GUYS IN HOODIES
YAMMERING ABOUT GAME OF THRONES
AND THEIR IMPROV CLASSES.
PLEASE LISTEN TO THE NERDIST
PODCAST.
COMEDIANS, I WOULD LIKE YOU TO
COME UP WITH A CRAP LOAD OF
CRAPPY PODCASTS THAT WILL NEVER
WIN A NOTEWORTHY ANYTHING AWARD.
I'M GONNA PUT 60-SECONDS ON THE
CLOCK AND BEGIN.
YES, JIMMY.
>> DOUG LOVES JUVIES.
>> Chris: POINTS.
MARIA.
>> PLUGGING. JUST PLUGGING STUFF
I AM COMING UP WITH.
>> Chris: POINTS.
DAVID.
>> ALL THONGS CONSIDERED ME AND
CISCO TALK ABOUT LADY'S UNDIES.
>> Chris: POINTS.
MARIA.
>> D.T.F. WITH MARC MARON.
>> Chris: POINTS.
DAVID.
>> THE TERDIST.
>> Chris: POINTS.
WE DO TALK A LOT ABOUT POOP.
JIMMY.
>> MY AMERICAN WIFE.
>> Chris: POINTS.
DAVID.
>> THREE DUDES TALKING TO EACH
OTHER WHOSE BASEBALL CAPS ALL
SMELL LIKE URINE, CRITICIZING
ATHLETES WHO ARE ACTUALLY GOOD.
>> Chris: POINTS.
JIMMY.
>> HOW DID THIS GET AIDS?
>> Chris: POINTS. CHRIST.
MARIA.
>> YOU WILL NOT BELIEVE HOW
CRAZY MY LIFE IS IN REAL-TIME.
>> Chris: POINTS.
DAVID.
>> TED BABY TALK, WHERE BABIES
JUST SAY ALL THE WORDS THEY
KNOW.